hi everyone I'm Judith well today I'm
going to be showing you how to make
chicken and black bean burritos this is
one of my favorite Mexican snacks so
what you'll need for this is one box of
Spanish rice one tablespoon of vegetable
oil one pound of boneless skinless
chicken breasts cut into half-inch
pieces one package of taco seasoning mix
two thirds of a cup of water one con
about 15 ounces of black beans drained
and rinsed 1 medium red bell pepper
chopped third of a cup of sliced green
onions 1/2 a cup of chopped fresh
cilantro 1 package of flour tortillas
for the burritos about a tortillas
heated one-and-a-half cups of shredded
cheddar cheese taco seeds and cheese
blend or Mexican cheese blend today
we'll be using cheddar cheese and some
guacamole salsa and sour cream if
desired so first of all I have my large
skillet here and we have it to a medium
heat and all I'm going to do is add in
my oil so engels oil let that get nice
and hot and then we're going to add the
chicken to that so once our oil is hot
in our skillet let's add in our chicken
so we've cut these into half-inch little
pieces
and we're going to cook them for about
three to four minutes until they're no
longer pink make sure to give them a
stir occasionally so once our chicken is
no longer pink and it's cooked for about
3-4 minutes it's now time to add in our
water so in goes the water and the taco
seasoning mix so that's just going to
give it lots of nice flavor in there
give it a stir so we're going to cook
that for another three to four minutes
or until most of the water is absorbed
so our chicken is now done it should be
nice and moist and not dry just as we
want it so let's get our bowl of rice
and to our rice we're going to add in
the chicken mixture
so once the chicken is in there we can
then add our remaining ingredients so
our black beans going in there
I just love full of protein and fiber
our green onions of course our cilantro
just going to give it a lovely freshness
and our pepper in it all goes and then
we're going to give it a good stir
so all those flavors all mixed up
together Oh looking and smelling very
colorful and fantastic already
great so here if you want to add any
additional salt and pepper you can go
ahead but that taco seasoning mix had so
much flavor already that I'm not going
to need to put in too much all right so
that is done so now it's time to roll up
our burritos lots of fun so let's get
our flour GTOs which we've warmed
according to package instructions and
let's just do one first all right so get
your spoon and we're just going to add
in the middle we'll go down and we'll
add about 3/4 of a cup to a cup of the
mixture inside
good now on top of that let's sprinkle
on some of our cheese your cheese of
preference of course on there and then
we're going to wrap it up so from the
bottom we'll wrap over about an inch
over the top of the mixture and then on
the sides we're going to wrap that over
once wrap the other side over so it
covers the other side be careful because
your tortillas might break up easily and
of course then just wrap on the
remaining side and if your tortillas are
big enough they will fit don't overcrowd
your tortillas of course with with the
mixture because you want to fold them
nicely so we can pop that on the plate
and we're going to do the same with the
remaining tortillas perfect so there you
go there'll be a great treat for when
your friends come over or for the family
I really really love this Mexican dish
so that's how you make chicken and black
bean burritos